Add a JSON color map export to brand-primitives (#1370)
primer/brand: .changeset/brand-stylelint-colors-export.md

---
'@primer/brand-primitives': minor
---

> Added a stylelint color allowlist export at `lib/design-tokens/styleLint/colors.json`.

Reviewer: @stefankp I don't think stylelint is the right folder for this. It's too opinionated. Sibling folders have names like `css`, `js`, `ts`, etc... and given that this is just a JSON object for all color tokens, can we please change the output location to:

```suggestion
Added a new JSON-based color map export at /lib/design-tokens/json/colors.json, listing color tokens from @primer/brand-primitives.
```

☝️ this new output location would need to be wired in too, will leave separate comment about that.

Author: Done — output is now `lib/design-tokens/json/colors.json`, and I've used your changeset wording. Build wiring updated to match.

> This one-dimensional JSON file lists every brand color custom property keyed by its CSS variable name (including the leading `--`), each annotated with `$type: "color"`. It gives stylelint plugins (and other tooling) an authoritative, type-aware allowlist of brand color tokens — mirroring the `@primer/primitives` `dist/styleLint/*.json` exports — so consumers can validate color values against brand tokens without relying on brittle name or path heuristics.

Reviewer: Let's drop this from the public changeset. It's a bit too opinionated about stylelint.

```suggestion
```

Author: Dropped — the changeset is now a single generic line with no stylelint framing.
